Transaction #6 started, transfer $4: 4->4
Transaction #10 started, transfer $4: 4->0
Transaction #13 started, transfer $6: 8->3
Transaction #18 started, transfer $8: 8->4
Transaction #15 started, transfer $4: 0->8
Transaction #8 started, transfer $4: 3->6
Transaction #14 started, transfer $10: 0->5
Transaction #29 started, transfer $10: 5->3
Transaction #28 started, transfer $2: 2->2
Transaction #27 started, transfer $10: 5->0
Transaction #26 started, transfer $2: 8->8
Transaction #25 started, transfer $2: 9->1
Transaction #24 started, transfer $6: 8->5
Transaction #23 started, transfer $1: 4->1
Transaction #22 started, transfer $3: 1->2
Transaction #21 started, transfer $7: 4->6
Transaction #20 started, transfer $2: 5->1
Transaction #19 started, transfer $3: 3->6
Transaction #17 started, transfer $1: 4->3
Transaction #11 started, transfer $2: 8->2
Transaction #9 started, transfer $4: 7->1
Transaction #3 started, transfer $7: 3->3
Transaction #2 started, transfer $2: 3->3
Transaction #31 started, transfer $9: 9->0
Transaction #0 started, transfer $5: 1->3
Transaction #16 started, transfer $9: 3->3
Transaction #0 started, transfer $1: 6->1
Transaction #34 started, transfer $5: 9->6
Transaction #4 started, transfer $1: 7->5
Transaction #5 started, transfer $9: 0->4
Transaction #35 started, transfer $9: 8->5
Transaction #1 started, transfer $7: 3->4
Transaction #36 started, transfer $8: 4->2
Transaction #39 started, transfer $5: 0->8
Transaction #30 started, transfer $8: 0->4
Transaction #38 started, transfer $5: 9->4
Transaction #48 started, transfer $2: 5->6
Transaction #45 started, transfer $2: 6->3
Transaction #40 started, transfer $1: 7->5
Transaction #41 started, transfer $9: 4->3
Transaction #42 started, transfer $5: 3->7
Transaction #43 started, transfer $7: 7->9
Transaction #44 started, transfer $6: 4->2
Transaction #46 started, transfer $10: 2->1
Transaction #47 started, transfer $4: 6->0
Transaction #7 started, transfer $4: 2->5
Transaction #32 started, transfer $9: 3->9
Transaction #37 started, transfer $9: 3->7
Transaction #49 started, transfer $5: 2->1
Transaction #12 started, transfer $9: 1->7
	Transaction #30 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #21 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #12 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #0 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #0 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #31 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #47 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #45 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #27 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #48 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #20 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #29 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #11 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #18 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #24 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #35 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #13 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #26 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #19 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #2 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #37 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #16 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #3 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #17 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #38 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #25 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #34 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #7 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #49 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #46 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #28 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #36 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #41 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #10 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #23 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #44 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #6 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #1 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #8 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #32 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #42 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #4 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #43 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #9 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #40 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #5 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #22 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #39 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock
	Transaction #15 [30m[41m[1mABORTED[0m due to deadlock

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset

[openTransaction] Transaction #0 failed to open streams or send message or receive message
